today hasn't been a good day for me
mainly because since I will come on
interesa what for one second call
hearing this news i went into a
murderous rage and I killed three people
but then I calmed down then I went hid
the bodies under my covers then my dad
walked in but he promised he wouldn't
tell anyone think was cause I had a
knife to his throat anyways or on the
subject of things and um staff I can't
let this area talk about the story about
a woman who coordinate to work because
she was baking a cake I claim she killed
someone and all right now you're like
holy shit that mean we don't get cake is
it does mean that I just love how I got
your hopes up oh my goodness were gonna
get cake oh fuck I don't know a single
femur who would have Vicky cake before
we go to jail for 70 years now she
hasn't actually been sentenced yet but I
assume that's how much you'll get
because judges tend to be fat these
product reviews that Apple isolate or a
solid you call it the iphones pin now we
could go into the fact this is the
bigger version of the iphone we could
also go into the fact that it looks like
an anorexic macbook it's like that I
phone her baby with a MacBook only when
the baby came out it was retarded and
yes in the world I live in Apple
products do have sex with each other
however if you already have a macbook or
iPhone why the hell would you need this
you and I both know that it's just an
obese version of the iphone that if you
do have an iphone that it's just a waste
of money but over some people do have
money to waste there are some who are
really hard now our pile of money and
then there are others who have guns and
take that pile of money either way you
can't afford one if you fall into one of
these two categories then I suggest you
go get it but bear in mind the three
months after you buy it will be in the
back shelf covered in dust with your old
books like Moby Dick them free willy you
notice the similarities between those
two books the both wheel stories I know
I like whales now I will not recommend
that you don't buy this even before it's
come out yet but I really advise that if
you don't have money to waste that you
shouldn't buy this especially if you
already have products which are exactly
similar to this and buy exactly similar
I mean exactly the same only bigger or
smaller because that's what Apple do
they have the exact same thing and then
they make a new thing with a tiny
feature which doesn't really make a
single difference want to use internet
really quickly you're gonna take out
your iPhone not your big isolate you use
the cube on your macbook not the virtual
keyboard a nicely so long story short
isolate equals inconvenience I don't
even a sour note so here's a challenge I
advised you check out I know this is
awesome i speaking we have captured on
American politics business dim it is his
hat
nay Christmas from Osama you you just
you say Osama ah this this is live do
what do you what is this what are you
doing you just say your ensemble us the
names are I killed Sal which probably
needs me to leave their hardcore
meat-eaters like II don't roll with
their bare hands yeah well I can go to a
pune so uh probably didn t be said but
uh
does he know oh shit